Team Name: Team Epsilon

Application Name: UTrade / UMarket

Team Overview: Alex Zheng - sazzle2 Alan Tang - altang23 Benjamin Daggett - bdaggett8888

Innovative Idea: Creating a platform that allows students of UMass Amherst to trade items they need for school, such as textbooks, iClickers, and various other necessities. The website will ask for new users to register with their UMass email and this ensures an extra layer of safety and trust to create a community around the platform. Once students create their profile, they can make a listing of an item, or search for items. If an item does not exist, users can request items which help active Sellers find UTraders faster. Buyers and Sellers can communicate with a chatbox and set up when and where the exchange will take place. After a successful trade, the students verify that the transaction occured successfully, and can rate each others profiles to boost each others credibility as a Buyer or Seller.  

Scratch?: Creating a more user friendly and modernized version of the UMass Dining website, specifically for the 4 dining halls. This would have a filtration criteria to highlight more unique items per day for each dining hall. Additionally, this website would have search functionality that would allow users to search keywords such as specific foods to see when and where the items would appear in a variable amount of upcoming days requested by the users. FInally, we would add common tags for filtration purposes that would allow students to only see items such as “Peanut Free”, “Halal”, “Vegetarian”, etc. This would use the UMass Dining API or the HTML data from the current website as a basis for information. 

Important Components: The website uses search functionality, tag-based filtration, and price-range search for finding the items. Sellers would post descriptions and attach tags that describe: condition, description, and price range (to be used to approximate a reasonable bargain for Buyers). The tag-based filtration will include items such as: iClickers, textbooks, electronics, clothing, and etc. The search function also includes search functionality that will help Buyers find the correct textbook. The price-range search will allow Buyers and Sellers to specify the range in which they want to buy or sell. This will be implemented as a slider from a range of values in terms of cash. Once a Buyer finds something posted on UTrade, they can start a conversation with the Seller and exchange the rest of the transaction through an integrated chat. Sellers must post one and up to three images of the item. The integrated chat will also incorporate sending images for Sellers to know what they are in for. Buyer and Seller ratings will be stored on each users account. (huge mobile app idea)

Scratch?: The major functions of our website distinguishing it from the current dining site would be: unique item lists, search functionality, and tag-based filtration. Based on our function’s criteria which would be centered around comparing previous and future day menus, the unique menus would only contain items that are more “unique” compared to recurring items that continuously are available. This would allow individuals to quickly have a summarized version of the menu with essentially the “changes” to the daily menu without having to look through the entire one. The search function would allow users to input text as keywords to iterate through every meal of every menu of every dining hall in a chosen amount of upcoming days to return the information of exactly when and where such items will be available in the chosen timeframe. Finally, the tag-based filtration would use the ingredients information of each menu item to “tag” items that meet certain criteria of the tags, allowing students to look at the menu discluding these items or only looking at such ones. We will use the following data types: menu items, textual tags, ingredient items, image tags as well as possibly images, videos and user comments. 


