docs/milestone1.md, before:

# Data Interactions:
- search function
  - user inputs text data for search
  - user inputs filtration data
  - user inputs timeframe data

- display
  - site returns menu data
  - site returns ingredient data

- personalization
  - user inputs password data
  - account profiles
  - favorites


# Division of Labor:

## Alan: 
Added milestone 0 to milestone1.md, project.html title, search bar and search button, changed background color, moved profile to float right, added filtering box with checkboxes to float left, added color scheme of black text. Fixed most center tags and some style sheets, added dynamic number changing for the slider. created unique.html and unique.css files, made search and profile buttons with custom css extra large button class, added date dropdown menu that relies on popper and is not currently working, added the 4 dining halls and space for their unique menus, added titling, then changed some css in unique.css for formatting, font size, spacing. Made project.html wireframe, fixed temporary style tags for unique.html and project.html.

## Alex: 
started the grid and user profile card as well as the title of the webpage, added the profile.html and the profile.css. Changed background colors, and made a list of favorites in which users can check off boxes of their favorites that are used to filter with the favorite only search filter in project.html. Changed some style in project.html and added user customization for their profiles such as names favorite dining hall and help users who are new to the dining commons learn a bit with an accordian in profile-settings. Changed some background colors to match the rgb of the image that was uploaded in a img folder. 

## Ben: 
Contributed to the data interactions section of milestone1 document.  Made the wireframes for login page and the uniqueItems page, and added these to the milestone1 document. Worked on the login.html page and the corresponding css file, adding a login and signup button for users. Formatted and created cards for each dining hall on project.html, and added a favorite checkbox to them. Created several classes for the favorite stars in project.css file. Also used the dining hall cards cards for the unique.html page. Created a logo for the site, and added the logo to each html file, making sure that it was formatted consistently throughout each one. Finally made sure that styling was consistent across pages before release. 

# Application

**Team Name:** Team Epsilon

**Application Name:** UMass Dining+

**Team Overview:** Alex Zheng - sazzle2 Alan Tang - altang23 Benjamin Daggett - bdaggett8888

**Innovative Idea:** Creating a more user friendly and modernized version of the UMass Dining website, specifically for the 4 dining halls. This would have a filtration criteria to highlight more unique items per day for each dining hall. Additionally, this website would have search functionality that would allow users to search keywords such as specific foods to see when and where the items would appear in a variable amount of upcoming days requested by the users. FInally, we would add common tags for filtration purposes that would allow students to only see items such as “Peanut Free”, “Halal”, “Vegetarian”, etc. This would use the UMass Dining API or the HTML data from the current website as a basis for information.

**Important Components:** The major functions of our website distinguishing it from the current dining site would be: unique item lists, search functionality, and tag-based filtration. Based on our function’s criteria which would be centered around comparing previous and future day menus, the unique menus would only contain items that are more “unique” compared to recurring items that continuously are available. This would allow individuals to quickly have a summarized version of the menu with essentially the “changes” to the daily menu without having to look through the entire one. The search function would allow users to input text as keywords to iterate through every meal of every menu of every dining hall in a chosen amount of upcoming days to return the information of exactly when and where such items will be available in the chosen timeframe. Finally, the tag-based filtration would use the ingredients information of each menu item to “tag” items that meet certain criteria of the tags, allowing students to look at the menu discluding these items or only looking at such ones. We will use the following data types: menu items, textual tags, ingredient items, image tags as well as possibly images, videos and user comments.

# Wireframes

Below contains the wireframe of the unique.html page
![example image](/img/uniqueWF.png)

Below contains the wireframe of the login.html page
![example image](/img/loginWF.png)

Below contains the wireframe of the profile.html page
![example image](/img/profileWF.png)

Below contains the wireframe of the project.html page
![example image](/img/projectWF.png)

Commit message:

update user interface in milestone

docs/milestone1.md, after:

# Data Interactions:
- search function
  - user inputs text data for search
  - user inputs filtration data
  - user inputs timeframe data

- display
  - site returns menu data
  - site returns ingredient data

- personalization
  - user inputs password data
  - account profiles
  - favorites


# Division of Labor:

## Alan: 
Added milestone 0 to milestone1.md, project.html title, search bar and search button, changed background color, moved profile to float right, added filtering box with checkboxes to float left, added color scheme of black text. Fixed most center tags and some style sheets, added dynamic number changing for the slider. created unique.html and unique.css files, made search and profile buttons with custom css extra large button class, added date dropdown menu that relies on popper and is not currently working, added the 4 dining halls and space for their unique menus, added titling, then changed some css in unique.css for formatting, font size, spacing. Made project.html wireframe, fixed temporary style tags for unique.html and project.html.

## Alex: 
started the grid and user profile card as well as the title of the webpage, added the profile.html and the profile.css. Changed background colors, and made a list of favorites in which users can check off boxes of their favorites that are used to filter with the favorite only search filter in project.html. Changed some style in project.html and added user customization for their profiles such as names favorite dining hall and help users who are new to the dining commons learn a bit with an accordian in profile-settings. Changed some background colors to match the rgb of the image that was uploaded in a img folder. 

## Ben: 
Contributed to the data interactions section of milestone1 document.  Made the wireframes for login page and the uniqueItems page, and added these to the milestone1 document. Worked on the login.html page and the corresponding css file, adding a login and signup button for users. Formatted and created cards for each dining hall on project.html, and added a favorite checkbox to them. Created several classes for the favorite stars in project.css file. Also used the dining hall cards cards for the unique.html page. Created a logo for the site, and added the logo to each html file, making sure that it was formatted consistently throughout each one. Finally made sure that styling was consistent across pages before release. 

# Application

**Team Name:** Team Epsilon

**Application Name:** UMass Dining+

**Team Overview:** Alex Zheng - sazzle2 Alan Tang - altang23 Benjamin Daggett - bdaggett8888

**Innovative Idea:** Creating a more user friendly and modernized version of the UMass Dining website, specifically for the 4 dining halls. This would have a filtration criteria to highlight more unique items per day for each dining hall. Additionally, this website would have search functionality that would allow users to search keywords such as specific foods to see when and where the items would appear in a variable amount of upcoming days requested by the users. FInally, we would add common tags for filtration purposes that would allow students to only see items such as “Peanut Free”, “Halal”, “Vegetarian”, etc. This would use the UMass Dining API or the HTML data from the current website as a basis for information.

**Important Components:** The major functions of our website distinguishing it from the current dining site would be: unique item lists, search functionality, and tag-based filtration. Based on our function’s criteria which would be centered around comparing previous and future day menus, the unique menus would only contain items that are more “unique” compared to recurring items that continuously are available. This would allow individuals to quickly have a summarized version of the menu with essentially the “changes” to the daily menu without having to look through the entire one. The search function would allow users to input text as keywords to iterate through every meal of every menu of every dining hall in a chosen amount of upcoming days to return the information of exactly when and where such items will be available in the chosen timeframe. Finally, the tag-based filtration would use the ingredients information of each menu item to “tag” items that meet certain criteria of the tags, allowing students to look at the menu discluding these items or only looking at such ones. We will use the following data types: menu items, textual tags, ingredient items, image tags as well as possibly images, videos and user comments.

# User Interface

Below contains the wireframe of the unique.html page
![example image](/img/uniqueWF.png)
Below contains the unique.html page
![example image](/img/uniqueWP.png)


Below contains the wireframe of the login.html page
![example image](/img/loginWF.png)
Below contains the login.html page
![example image](/img/loginWP.png)

Below contains the wireframe of the profile.html page
![example image](/img/profileWF.png)
Below contains the profile.html page
![example image](/img/profileWP.png)

Below contains the wireframe of the project.html page
![example image](/img/projectWF.png)
Below contains the wireframe of the project.html page
![example image](/img/projectWP.png)
